Hard isn't it? Trying to stay strong for everyone around you, with a pasted on smile that quickly goes away when you're alone. I know it's tough trying to kill something that's on the inside, that eats you alive, and there's nothing you can do about it. No matter how hard you try, it just doesn't go away. I know it ain't easy, but I know things will get better./A shot to kill the pain. A pill to drain the shame. A purge to end the gain. A cut to break the vein. A smoke to ease the crave. A drink to win the game. An addiction is an addiction because it all hurts the same./Nobody knows the real me. Nobody knows how many times I've sat in my room and cried, how many times I've lost hope, how many times I've been let down. Nobody knows how many times I've had to hold back to tears, how many times I've felt like I'm about to snap but don't just for the sake of others. Nobody knows the thoughts that have gone through my head whenever I'm sad, and how horrible they really are./Sometimes, I can't be put back together. It feels like I'm always gonna be this way forever. But sometimes, the sadness is all I have, so I don't want to be better./Hours pass as I dream to remember the pressure of finally moving to a state of mind where nothing matters. All around me, we are broken. Craving for hope and craving for answers, wondering if this is the life for us. Like a caged bird forced to consume a life full of nightmares and tragedies on our own. We are broken, without a choice. Left hiding in all the small things that keep us from dying in the darkness of our own misery./My heart was in a perpetual state of sadness and the only relief I could find were in those cathartic cries. I lived a fragile existence./If I wasn't here tomorrow, would anybody care? I'm still stuck inside this sorrow, I got nothing and going nowhere. I know I'm a mess and I wanna be someone, someone that I'd like better, someone worth being. I can never forget, but I don't want to feel like this forever./The blade dont make scars, the people who bully people make scars, depression makes scars, love makes scars, being judged make scars, like I said the blade don't make scars, you do. The people that always got something to say./I can't believe it happened, I tried to stop it but I couldn't. I finally broke, I have no fight left in me. I thought I could keep this all inside of me, all bottled up. I thought if I put it in the back of my mind it would all just go away in due time. I was wrong, keeping all these emotions inside just got too much to handle and now here I am, broken down and defenseless. I'm in tears, I can't hold them back any longer. Tonight, tonight I'll cry. I'm going to let everything out, everything I've been keeping deep inside./She's Emo? You'd cut too if you've gone through what she has. She's Anorexic? You would be too if you were called fat everyday. She's a Whore? She made one mistake and it cost her her reputation. She's Loud? She's invisible at home, and wants to be heard. She's a Geek? She just wants to go far to help her poverty ridden family. She's Ugly? Tell me, what is the definition of beauty? You don't know their story. Don't judge./I am sick and tired of all the meanness and drama that goes on at school and at home on the internet. People have reasons for the way they act but that doesn't mean you have to taunt them and bring them down. You may think your cool when you bully but how will you feel when you see on the local news that the kid your mean to and bully commits suicide because of you. Words hurt, stop bullying./I start to feel like I cant maintain the facade any longer, that I may just start to show through. And I wish I knew what was wrong. Maybe something about how stupid my whole life is. I dont know. Why does the rest of the world put up with the hypocrisy, the need to put a happy face on sorrow, the need to keep on keeping on?.. I dont know the answer, I know only that I cant. I don't want any more vicissitudes, I don't want any more of this try, try again stuff. I just want out. Ive had it. I am so tired. I am twenty and I am already exhausted./When we are in love, we’re blinded to see the signs and the trails. Everything seems perfect till the heart gets broken and life becomes a horrible experience./I can’t explain the mood my life is in at the moment. Everyone has their pain, but mine is twice theirs because my heart hurts like it has been stabbed severally./The world is filled with pain, but only a few can agree to this because not too many truly live in this world. The rest live in their imagination./We all express our pain in different ways. I chose to write mine down and allow you to read them. I feel so much pain, and I can’t explain./Sadness is not inevitable, so I know it won’t stay forever when it comes knocking. I stop trying to be strong and allow nature to take its course./Some try to hide their pain with a smile by being strong. But being strong sometimes kills you from the inside, and when you finally break down, there will be nothing left to hold on to./My eyes are itching because they want to see you. My hands are empty, and they want to hold you. My heart still longs for you. I do need you in my life./I cry not because crying will bring you back, but because my eyes have been longing to speak out the pain it feels. I allow my eyes to speak when my mouth has gone short of words to say./You spent a great part of our meeting trying to make me believe in you but used a minute to ruin the whole memories we have spent time and energy building./Sometimes, I believe that things happen for a reason. Meeting you taught me a lot I wouldn’t have learned. Thanks for the experience./You should have a happy life. At least, we both are not going through this pain. It’s as if nothing ever happened between us, but it is alright./I got too attached to you, and my world not only synced but revolved around yours. You never considered how I would feel when you decided to leave my heart shattered./What you did to my poor heart might seem ordinary to you, but it has transformed my life. Your action killed the last good part of me that loved you./You gave me so many memories and took yourself away. I wish I never met you because there are a million things I can’t erase from my mind./You gave me a lot to remember. Now I am struggling to forget that you ever existed. You’ve broken my heart beyond repair./You gave me the best love when we started things. I prayed it lasted the rest of our lives, but it ended so soon. You ended everything and took my heart along./I can wish for something. I will ask for a new heart. A heart stronger than the one you did broke. I would ask for a heart that won’t betray me./Life makes us look silly. You put in your best effort; it makes it look like you never did anything in the first place. Just keep living no matter what./Friends come, friends go. I have met many people as I grow up, but none has touched my life with their absence like you are doing./Wishing for some things is like pouring water on a rock and expecting it to break. Waiting for you to come back is a dream I would wish to come true, but I know it is impossible./Until the day I close my eyes and never open them again, you remain in my heart. I will never give up on you until that moment you find within you that something is missing in your life./I can feel my heart aching because an essential part of it has left. My whole body and soul feel empty. It’s too much for me to bear./The pain my heart feels is just too much for it to bear. Nothing eases this pain. I can’t hold myself back. I miss you./You came into my life and taught me a lot of things. You left me in a shattered state, with a million memories that have haunted me all the while you left./You left me when I needed you most. Just when I felt I had found peace, you went away with a piece of me. I need you./Life is when you realize, thousands of happiness can’t remove one pain in the heart.
But one pain can remove all the laughter you had in your heart./It’s not hard to sacrifice something for someone in love life, but it’s hard to find someone who’s worth your sacrifice./Memories don’t go away quickly, especially when we try to forget someone we loved so much./Now I know that love starts with a hug, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear./I’m never giving you another chance. You have broken my heart, and now there’s nothing left to be broken./I thought it was the best till you started drifting off with the wind.
I gave you the best I had, but nothing changed.
I loved you with my whole heart, but I don’t think you valued it./I felt that I was in for a sweet adventure when you said yes to me.
Never knew that It was wrecked like a broken ship. I can’t explain how much I felt hurt when you left with my heart./My heart is broken, and the dreams of us shattered.
Everything I felt was the best for us turned out to be the worst relationship ever.
I love you, but it can’t work anymore./You had my heart, my soul, and my world.
You broke everything, and now I’m completely broken.
How am I going to fix them all back at once?/I feel pain in my chest because of the heart you broke.
How will I survive the pain you cause me. My world is shattered./It’s painful knowing you were never there for me, but it’s more painful knowing that you will never be there for me anymore./I wish to be happy, not broken, wish to love and be loved right back. I never wanted to be the second option in your life. I wished I was your everything./You called me the best, and you made me believe that I mean the world to you. You said you couldn’t exist without me, but you broke the little organ that loved you./I never stopped loving you. All I do every day is make myself better for you, but you realized that I am not better for you because if I am, you wouldn’t have broken my heart./I’m never giving you my time, my love, and my heart anymore. You got them freely and misused them.
It’s no longer free./If I’m to choose, I’ll never cry because it’s over. I’ll smile because It happened./Whenever you see my tears again, know that they are words my heart can’t say./My heart is broken because I’m not with you. My lips are cold because I can’t kiss you right now.
I feel my energy going away slowly. That’s because you are the reason I’m breathing./I’m alone, and there is nobody close.
I cry and feel pain, and you’re not around to love me as you promised./A million words wouldn’t bring you back.
I know because I tried.
Neither would a million tears bring you to your senses.
I know because I’ve cried./We get hurt when we break up with someone.
It’s more painful when someone breaks up with us.
It’s much worst when someone has no idea of how we feel./It hurts that I cry over you and what you feel.
But you don’t care about me, not even for a second./It’s all because of you. You took my heart, and
now, it’s in pieces because of you./You’ll never understand because you never know what you had until you lost it./I’m never shedding a tear that we’re just friends after all we had.
I shed tears because that’s all we will forever be./I’ve only wanted you to love me. I needed you to give me a try, not to hurt me so bad and make me cry./Sometimes you feel like you have been wasting your time breathing and helping the wrong people. You feel useless and hopeless without having an idea how it all began.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 deals with us so much than we realize. There is nothing much in life; just breath in and breath out. That’s all./Things are not the way they seem. Many things are pretty and desirable but come with their pay./Sometimes, I wonder why I am even breathing when everything around me seems weird. There is no better way to live life without getting f**ked.